getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009kq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2010Y -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PTF10bjs -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009le -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009na -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009nq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2010dt -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009kk -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15cwx -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017cii -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16lg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16aer -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16ch -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15coh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16dnp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15bsq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15ss -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS17ajs -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017lm -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016cvv -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16cqa -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016cvw -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017ns -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15fs -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ0859349 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15bjg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15pm -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16n -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15brr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PTSS17-niq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017wb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS17bas -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16oz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16la -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS16dqf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017zd -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016eoa -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15pn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017cfb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e Gaia16acv -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016cor -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016ixf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15cms -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS17bii -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16ad -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ0153424 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017cjv -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017yk -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016glz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016ews -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017cfc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15mt -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e Gaia16bba -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-17at -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15cku -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016grz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16dn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016aj -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16hz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15aii -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e MASTERJ0134 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016bln -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15lg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15bbn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS17axb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16fs -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16jf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS16cpu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016esh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15oh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15bzz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS16bwu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017jl -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16el -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e MASTEROTJ15 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16fa -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16em -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ0107203 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS17yt -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15tg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15uv -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15mg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16axi -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e Gaia16aki -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15asb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ2352371 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15bwh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15mf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016aqb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-17co -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15ti -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-17aj -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ0717457 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15np -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e Gaia16agf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16hr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16fo -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016hns -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15ahs -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15nq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16evk -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ1204051 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16ccn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS16agv -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e CSS160129 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017coa -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016gsu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15nr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-17bs -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS17akj -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016htm -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16ip -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16dw -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15bc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15od -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016htn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017po -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16ayd -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016gfr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017hn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16db -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15tz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2016W -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS17tn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016ayg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS17ajn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15jl -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017cpu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16br -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15so -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-17eb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15hg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16aj -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16bq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16ct -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017mf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ2043531 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016gmg -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016coj -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15bdr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15bif -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016hhv -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2017oz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16ay -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15atx -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e AT2016cyt -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2016glp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e SN2017ckx -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15kx -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PTSS-16efw -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15pr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e CSS160428 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-16cs -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PSNJ1602512 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ATLAS16cxr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS15cze -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16bnz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e ASASSN-15go -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e PS16bby -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006on -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 6558 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 16185 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 21502 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 3592 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006nz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 17880 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 12898 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 18241 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 19968 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1241 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 3901 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 14279 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 19155 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 17186 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 6057 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 10028 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 17784 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 12950 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 17745 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005ir -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005hc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006oa -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006ob -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005M -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006bh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008bq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006lu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006py -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2004ey -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2004gu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005bo -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006ej -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2004ef -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006ev -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008gp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006et -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1992bo -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1990af -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1992al -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1992bc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1993O -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008bf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006mp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005el -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2004as -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002bo -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2003W -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006ac -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006le -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005kc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006lf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2003U -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2003fa -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2003kf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007af -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007co -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005ms -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006gr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2004fu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006sr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007ci -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006qo -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002dj -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007au -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007bc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002dp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002he -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007cq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005cf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007F -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002de -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007ca -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002hu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005lz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007bd -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002ha -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006D -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006S -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005eq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006az -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005iq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006bt -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006ax -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002bf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2001V -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2003du -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2001fh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006cc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2001ep -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005eu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2005ki -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007qe -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007fb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007su -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009ds -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008cf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008Y -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007A -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008gl -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009an -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008gb -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008fr -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007ux -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009ad -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008050 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008051 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007is -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008C -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008bz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2009D -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008at -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007kk -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2008ar -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2007kh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999bp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1990N -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1989B -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1992A -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2001el -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999cp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1994D -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2004eo -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2006kf -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1996bl -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1998bu -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2001cz -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999ee -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1981B -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1998aq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2002er -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2001bt -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999dk -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1981D -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2001ba -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1991T -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999aw -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1997bq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2000E -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1998dh -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1308884 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 370566 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 350316 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 550005 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 70242 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 10010 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 370066 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 80064 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 370333 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 370356 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 490007 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 300105 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 130308 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 10026 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 160099 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 470043 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 360156 -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999cc -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1998es -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2000cn -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999dq -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 2000dk -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1997do -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999ek -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1998ab -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999gp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1997E -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999ac -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1999aa -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1997bp -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1995ac -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1994S -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1994ae -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1996X -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1996bo -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1995D -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1995al -a
getHostPhot.py  --hypheninname -e 1995bd -a
